The shower is free!
“We are sisters, we are brothers,
sons and daughters, and more.”
Yo!
Give me a truth.
I’m sorry, what?
Your sign says “Learn Bible Truths,”
so I assume
you’re here to share said truths.
So share one.
My name’s Neeta.
What’s yours?
Jade.
Like the stone?
No, like I’m jaded.
Are you going to share something,
or what?
Um, yeah.
Did you know the Bible says
you can live forever?
Heaven?
Is that what you’re sharing?
That’s not exactly new, is it?
No, I mean, did you know the Bible says
that you can live forever on earth?
But why would I want that?
This place is a mess.
But it won’t be in the future.
Revelation 21:4 promises:
“And he will wipe out
“every tear from their eyes,
and death will be no more,
“neither will mourning
nor outcry nor pain be anymore.
The former things have passed away.”
Since there’s no death
or pain in heaven,
where would this promise apply?
The earth.
I didn’t know the Bible said that.
Wicked!
I mean, that’s cool.
Oh, OK.
Would you like to learn
how to be part of that future?
Uh, yeah.
Uh, thanks.
Um, I’m not really the churchy type,
and I’m— I’m late.
So see you later.
Yo, so tell me.
Hi again.
You’re really quite stealthy.
Brilliant, right?
It’s perfect when I’m late for class,
which is always.
Right.
So last week you spoke about promises,
and I’m not about church,
but I am about promises.
So?
OK, well, if these are God’s promises,
wouldn’t it make sense to go to his Word
to find out how to enjoy them?
Seems right.
OK.
This is John 17:3.
Would you like to read it?
Um, out loud?
Really?
Don’t you know what it says?
I do, but it’s nice to hear it again.
“This means everlasting life,
“their coming to know you,
the only true God,
and the one
whom you sent, Jesus Christ.”
So, based on this,
what means everlasting life?
Getting to know God.
But how can you get to know something
you’re not even sure exists?
Would you like to explore that answer
next time you come by?
Who said anything about next time?
Oh, um.
Ah, I’m just winding you up.
See you later.
Let’s do this.
I’m a bit of a neat freak.
You don’t say.
So last time we discussed
how God created us to live forever,
which raises the question,
Why do we die?
Totally!
Totally, what?
No, like, I mean, I totally agree
that’s what we talked about.
Oh, right.
Let’s open to Romans 5:12.
Wait, uh, why don’t I read it
out loud so we can both enjoy it?
“That is why, just as through one man
“sin entered into the world
“and death through sin,
“and so death spread to all to men
because they had all sinned.”
OK, hold it.
Is Adam the one man?
Exactly.
This doesn’t make sense.
You said Adam was perfect
and wouldn’t die.
That’s right.
But then he sins and loses that.
So, what’s that got to do with me?
I die because he’s stupid?
Well, maybe it’s not
how I would’ve put it.
Maybe we can think of it this way.
When parents
with a severe genetic defect
have children, what happens?
Usually the kids inherit it.
Precisely.
When Adam sinned,
that sin became like a genetic defect
that caused sickness, aging, and death;
and since we’re all his children . . .
Oh, brilliant!
I get it!
Why don’t we watch a little video
that helps put it all together?
Neeta, your phone buzzed.
It’s Jade again.
We’ve only studied once this month.
She’s so unscheduled.
I thought you said she was doing well?
She was.
Now it’s just, “See you later.”
How was your last study?
That’s a very interesting question,
but it’s not really what we are talking
about in this paragraph, is it?
So let’s just read the scripture, shall we?
In my defense, I was annoyed.
She never even attempts
to explain why she cancels.
I understand.
Really, I do.
But if she’s still open to studying,
you can’t let these little things
drain your enthusiasm.
I know.
I just— I wish she was more structured.
It’s like she doesn’t take
anything seriously.
No study is perfect.
She’s making some effort; focus on that.
If anyone’s enthusiasm
is contagious, it’s yours.
If I haven’t mentioned it already,
I really love our chats,
and I appreciate all your questions.
Thanks.
I know sometimes they’re crazy.
No, you’re a deep thinker.
It’s good for both of us.
OK, um, yeah.
Well, cool.
I’m sorry I’m late.
It’s fine.
Is this mine?
My treat.
Ah, brilliant! Thanks.
I didn’t have any breakfast.
So we left off at paragraph 10.
Listen, I don’t have it in me today.
I got like two hours of sleep.
Are you all right?
I’m just super stressed—can’t focus.
I’m really sorry.
My boyfriend, school,
work, everything else
—I just don’t even have time to breathe.
When my schedule gets a bit crazy,
I focus on organizing what I can.
How’s that?
I give everything a proper place.
Yeah, I’m not really
the organization type.
But I can help,
I mean, if you want.
I guess a little help couldn’t hurt.
So how organized
is your place right now?
OK, well,
“with God all things are possible.”
Where shall we start?
You’re the neat freak.
You tell me.
Let’s try and find the bed;
we’ll work from there.
Did you think any more
about what we talked about on Monday?
I did.
But why would Jehovah
make a rule like that
—no sex unless you’re married?
It’s totally archaic.
It might seem odd,
but what quality
do you most appreciate about Jehovah?
His love.
Me too.
So if he truly loves us,
look at what he tells us at Isaiah 48:17:
“I, Jehovah, am your God,
“[ your  God, Jade]
“the One teaching you
“to benefit yourself,
the One guiding you
in the way you should walk.”
But I don’t get it.
It just— It just doesn’t make sense.
Question:
Does a little child
always understand why Mum and Dad
warn them not to do certain things?
Probably not.
So why all the rules and warnings?
Well, they love them, don’t they?
And so if Jehovah loves you . . . ?
It often takes time to appreciate
why Jehovah asks certain things of us.
But if we really love him,
we’ll have faith that what he asks
is for the best.
The real question is,
Do you trust him?
I want to;
I really do.